we were gonna go out to the cinema this
evening but then we didn't manage to get
tickets which was annoying so instead
we're having kt night in and since it's
really cold outside and raining I
thought that I get into my pajamas in
your cozy so I'm going to watch an
episode of the good place downstairs in
the snug
[Music]
you
okay good morning today it is Thursday
and I'm gonna have a really lovely lazy
morning and I have had a lazy morning
and then I'm seeing my friends in we're
gonna go to a national dress property
and go on a walk and picnic so really
excited about that and I am gonna
quickly have a shower and then we'll
check back with you I've got the picnic
packed
I've just put it in here and then
they've got the banana bread which is
just cooking and I'm going to sprinkle
on top some curiously cinnamon because
everyone loves curacy cinnamon cereal so
I've got the lattice here which my mum
has asked me to you used to go down and
feed the tortoise the amazing speedy I
love speedy
[Music]
[Applause]
it's not from the lake behind us okay
but we're here at mounted everything
okay we're here without vegan pasta
salad I'm back from clipton and I have
just received this parcel in the post so
was it down to a book that I really
wanted and on this website maybe selling
it cheaper than than they were on Amazon
I decided to buy enough books to get
free pay so you just have to spend 20
pounds to get free postage and for all
of these books it only costs 22 pounds
which is really good because books are
expensive the witches Salem 16x2 a
history the broken man by Josephine Cox
and this is the book that I actually
placed the order for which is on this
day in history by dancer basically for
every day like 22nd of April you can
read what happened on this day in
history ever since meeting Dan snow back
in November he told me about this book
and since then I've been really excited
to read out unsolved conspiracies by
phil bill price Martha I thought you'd
like this book
I ordered it because I thought I'd like
it and like the Martha would like it too
unsolved conspiracies oh my god - Dawson
and then the last book I got is this one
which is originally I think the retail
price for this is 30 pounds and I got it
for 10 and this lives on board RMS
Titanic memoirs of memories of the
maiden voyage and it's got things like
telegrams letters first-person accounts
of what happened and Titanic and like as
assassinated mate with a lot of people
I'm fascinated by tad Titanic and I love
reading about it so this book I'm so
excited to start reading it's not the
kind of thing
I'd read back-to-front but I'm looking
forward to a second dude and all of
these books are only 22 pounds
[Music]
guess what I got
I'm not used to this because you've got
the same camera no I mean we're about to
listen to a Q&A but shits about getting
your films made in getting into film for
young creators and Martha here yeah this
one's for Aaron um I was just wondering
um I watched your other short film
coold threw me to the dogs and I was
wondering how you prepared for them
differently like - the one that was just
[Music]
three
that fruit
we just went into one of those you know
tiny shop near the theater district
where you can get like London March
where are we
[Music]
so we are now here at no it's running
out of charge beautiful words like the
trench wolf has held us captive
unfortunately
[Music]
we can't never start and see is this
good Matilda like we said in the front
row fatality on the tractor factory I'm
Willy Wonka like walks down the front
there and he sat on martha's laughs yeah
but she was like said he was really
heavy but look at this like they're
gonna walk down there and we will be
there like
we're excitement hey ready
now at the suitable okay so we're here
at the stage door and I Hayden who plays
the Trunchbull like the best character
in all of the shows we saw like a total
yeah we do funny and like okay it's
currently 7:40
the next day and I haven't blogged at
all today so I'm really sorry today has
just been a very lazy day at home which
has been quite needed actually because I
feel like things have been very hectic
I'm very busy over the last few weeks so
I woke up late and and then I read in
bed for a long time I did some editing
filmed a few videos we're heading to the
cinemas go see Rocketman in half an hour
so I'm looking forward to that and yeah
I'm gonna give you an outfit of the day
as well because I really love what I'm
wearing today a victorian-style top
culotte trousers again from miss patina
I just finished my book which was
elsewhere was already good I gave it
three stars because I think it's a tiny
bit young for me but it was still really
interesting premise and I've just put
this in from the personal library of
rubric Ranger and I've stamped this in
for my cousin I really think she'll like
this book I got this personal like it
from my friend money for my birthday if
you look there's this really cool
library stamp and then these personal
library stickers and then you can also
write in the book so that you can
remember if you has them but yeah there
we go quick update and I think what I
need to know is choose another book to
read this is always so hard on chesil
beach buy em here and um looking forward
to reading this
good morning so today is Sunday and this
is the last day that I'm going to be
vlogging so today very exciting me I
have got we have got some family friends
coming round for a barbecue so really
really excited for that they're coming
around at 1:00 and it's currently nearly
11:00 so I'm just getting on with some
admin tasks and also some preparation
for the barbecue at the moment the first
thing I'm going to do is just some admin
for work experience that I'm trying to
get at the moment
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so I just got quite a lot of admin
done regarding one experience we've got
everyone coming around in about 50
minutes so I'm just walking to the local
shop to go and get some vegetables I
completely forgot about the banana bread
I was gonna make no I'm just gonna
quickly make it now but in the oven
it's in the system it's in our blood
you cannot keep me from looking for love
don't wanna hide it ain't gonna lie I'm
on the run til the day that I die all we
are is delicate people
compassion
[Music]
hanging our neighbors happily okay it's
now around 9:30 and I'm sorry that I was
so inconsistent with longing today I
didn't actually film at all after
Felicity embarrass got here they got
here late because they had a dance
competition but they did end up coming
which none of us knew about which was
really cool so that was a really good
great surprise yeah everyone laughs
maybe an hour ago and now something I'm
going to see I've decided that I'm gonna
watch some Simpsons for my birthday I
received season 18 of The Simpsons on
DVD and I assure you this is our
Simpsons DVD collection so we've got
every season on DVD that they've
released some of the DVDs are missing
that means that we might have brought
them on holiday without or something but
we've got them for the most part there
are these two missing these two and then
that's it and I'm just going to open up
this one and transfer the discs into
here before deciding which episode I
would like to watch and the cool thing
about doing it this way is that so I
keep all of the episode guides at the
back and that means that I can easily
see and find episode and see which desk
I want to watch
[Music]
just to it is
thank you so much for watching this
video I hope you enjoyed this weekly
vlog and I guess I will round up the
vlog here and I had a very good week and
thank you for coming along with me on
this week so I will see you in my next
video and I hope that you have a
productive week
[Music]